hello and welcome Lisa a luminous cocina
bhagwate jnanam is some basic chocolate
cake and here are the following
ingredients plain flour bicarbonate of
soda baking powder cocoa powder sugar
milk boiling water eggs vanilla salt and
cooking oil so on complete recipe at
except measurements Makiki tiny own
links a description box pocket check
milazzo before we start not prepare
lengthening the 9-inch round baking pan
McCoy in the diet McGarrett in a
parchment paper or wax paper and then
look does not tire now quantum floor in
a patted in sir sides and then my
preheat Medina open so 170 degrees
Celsius or 250 degrees Fahrenheit
so this is acting born in agonistic
Canario adding our flour so it is if
nothing in the restaurant dry
ingredients in adding a cocoa cocoa
powder baking powder baking soda salt
at you sugar then we will mix it all
together
so once thoroughly mixed Mulligan and
Tainan well to middle and then delegate
and nothing you're acting liquid
ingredients your eggs your milk vanilla
your cooking oil and then using a wire
whisk to even excellent at it off well
so make sure now we'll mix and let
incorporate that I think butter then
once well mix and rotten butter he Adnan
add a new hot water it don't take my a
recipe NATO very moist it off so Freddy
thinking comment on how to help a
long-handled mixer Aramis model a
saketini run a dental handling well
infiltrated sorry an FIR mix name adding
butter so pretty no not into the silence
I think repaired today I think like
baking
fans excited about a new weapon back
there
oh yeah this one is ready for baking
he baked nothing talked for 45 minutes
on a 170° free that over or 350 degrees
Fahrenheit
so check mallanna tent or using a stick
there so Italy I think a Canada Bay so
far to check nothing though using a
stick test to subpoena not in the middle
when the stick comes out clean ready
tonight oh don't we move the nap in from
there okay so we'll call this down
completely
sahar tinkling rap magnitude so ethanol
adding basic chocolate cake so ready
NATO Sofia and no frosting of the studio
so sanam Augusto Veneto recipe NATO and
share it with your friends and SSE
silicon video market of people retire
Salameh pie